Git name and email config publicity warning (#296)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/general-development/setup/git-for-the-ss14-developer.md

<hr>

```admonish danger "Name and Email privacy"

> When [setting up your `user.name` and `user.email`](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-First-Time-Git-Setup#_your_identity), know that these are publicly displayed on all commits that you create, so I recommend setting `user.name` to your username not your real name, and `user.email` to the one provided by GitHub when the [`Keep my email addresses private`](https://github.com/settings/emails#toggle_visibility) setting is checked in [GitHub Email Settings](https://github.com/settings/emails#primary_email_select_label).

Reviewer: I'd reword this like this.

```suggestion
When [setting up your `user.name` and `user.email`](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-First-Time-Git-Setup#_your_identity), know that these are publicly displayed on all commits that you create. If you want to keep your information private, you can set `user.name` to your username instead of your real name, and `user.email` to the one provided by GitHub when the [`Keep my email addresses private`](https://github.com/settings/emails#toggle_visibility) setting is checked in [GitHub Email Settings](https://github.com/settings/emails#primary_email_select_label).
```
